# How do I use this?
If you are asking about the *website*, simply visit <https://hammertime.cyou> in your favourite browser, select a date and time by using the input boxes, and optionally change the time zone (e.g. if you want to get a timestamp for an event in a specific location). By default it will select your own timezone, so you most likely do not need to change this. As soon as you change any of the fields the examples in the table below will update with your selection, simply copy the text from the first column either by clicking the clipboard icon **or** by manually selecting and copying the code next to the button. This code can be pasted into Discord chat messages and your profile "About Me" section and it will appear the same way as you see on the site.

If you are asking about the *bot*, simply type `/` into the Discord message input and look for the slash commands under the HammerTime section. If your server does not already have this bot, you can add it using the following link (if you have administrative permissions): <https://hammertime.cyou/add-bot>
The slash command should automatically appear in your server afterwards, and if your integration permissions are set up correctly users will be able to use them.
After running a command you will get a list of codes and a preview next to each of them. This code can be pasted into Discord chat messages and your profile "About Me" section and it will appear the same way.

In the event that the slash commands do not show up and you have a large number of integrations already (40+) you may also have hit a limit on the number of integrations you can have in your server, in which case you will need to delete one and re-add the bot for the commands to appear. Otherwise, please ping me in <#952260763987349594> to restart the bot, that usually fixes it.
