# Can I create a clock/timer/countdown that shows up in the channel list?
-# Previous title: Can I create a timer that shows the time in a specific format/timezone (real or fictional) in the channel list?

The short answer is yes, the long answer is you probably shouldn't.

This is usually done by using a voice channel to show the desired text, because - unlike text channels - they can contain spaces. Channel names are used across Discord in many places e.g. searching, channel mentions and the user interface. By constantly updating the name of a channel you are creating unnecessary burden on Discord's backend, bots connected to your server, and your users' devices who constantly have to react to these changes. In addition, there is rate limiting in place on Discord's API to prevent abuse: <https://discord.com/developers/docs/topics/rate-limits>

Because of this, it's not possible to do this in good conscience, and HammerTime or any of my other projects will never support this in the future. If you choose to develop a bot of your own that does, always respect rate limits and do not use self-bots (running bots as a user account instead of a dedicated bot account) if you don't want to risk losing your access to Discord. Please do not ask about how to set up a bot like this in this server.

**The timestamp syntax generated by HammerTime does not work in channel names.** The reason why this syntax is not considered abusive is because the time is calculated locally (on your device) and takes minimal resources to display, and it only updates when it's visible to you, no background processing is needed to show these times to you locally. By its nature the process that calculates these timestamps is only applied in specific places, for example:
- text-based messages (including forum posts)
- "About me" sections on user profiles
- channel topics
and it is not applied in places like user display names, server names or channel names, so they cannot be used there.
