# The support server looks dead, why isn't there more activity?
This server has a very specific purpose, which is to serve as a place for announcements, coordination and support for a tool. It is not meant to be _yet another_ general-purpose community that invites activities, topics and discussions to happen within the server itself. If you're here your primary goal should be:
* to help the project in some way by providing feedback (including reporting bugs), suggestions, and contributing translations, or
* to keep up-to-date with the latest developments around the project, typically as a result of the aforementioned feedback, or
* some combination of the above
If there is nothing new to add to the tool, no issues to report, and everything is running smoothly, it is normal for a server like this to be "dead". This is expected and should nto be a cause for concern. If you are looking to socialize, it's best to look for other servers whose primary focus is building and fostering communities.

Trying to connect with people is easiest through shared interests, and while you might argue being a user of this tool could qualify as one such shared interest, this server really is not the best place to build connections. By its very nature, the rule of large numbers never sleeps, and despite our rigorous AutoMod setup combined with the volunteer moderators' best-effort attempts to keep the server free of spam and scam, some accounts can and will slip through the cracks. Always be on guard if you receive a random friend request that you weren't expecting from an account you only have very few servers in common with, and avoid trusting people too easily until you can verify their intentions.
