# Something just changed about the website/bot and I absolutely hate it, can you undo it?
When something changes in the application it's typically with good reason, you just might not be aware of it. People constantly report issues and provide feedback regarding how different parts of the project should work, and there will always be some group of people unhappy with any kind of change. My personal philosophy is to avoid breaking things without good reason, and chances are if something was changed and it's not marked as "experimental" or "beta" it's here to stay. Questions or concerns for the reasons regarding any change is always welcome in <#952260763987349594>, a constructive dialogue about alternative options can't hurt.

I strongly encourage providing constructive feedback; it should be our shared goal that if there are issues they can be fixed as soon as possible, but me being the sole developer of this project means that I can't always think of every possible scenario when things might break or behave unexpectedly. Unlike major companies I don't have the time or resources for dedicated testers and in many cases it would even be an overkill. For better or for worse, users are the testers to a certain extent. Your feedback is important to make sure that if something is not working as it should, or you feel things could improve, it can be heard and considered. You may also look at it as this being a chance to give back to the userbase at large for a tool that is developed in my spare time and made accessible to as many people as possible at no cost to you.
